## Work log entry from 2021-01-31 
([Previous entry](2021-01-30.md) / [Main page](../SUMMARY.md) / [Next entry](2021-02-01.md))

### General Information:

**Date:** 2021-01-31  
**Author:** Henning Nolzen  
**TRACE tag:**: Model description  
**Keyword:** Model development  
**Title:** Written documentation of current status (ODD, TRACE)  

**Overview:** 
* Continued writing on ODD protocol
  * Updating text in several sections of the initial draft
* Updating entries of modelling notebook
  * Add more text and info to entries
  * Add navigation bar

**Files:** 
1. Several `*.md` files in `../documents/trace/notebook/entries`
2. `iris_odd.tex`   

### Specific details

##### Continued writing on the model description (ODD)  
First, I added text to the overview section of the initial draft of the ODD protocol. In this process I had to rewrite many sentences several times to improve
readability and clarity. Furthermore, I selected a few references to justify the chosen size of the grid cells of our model in the paragraph regarding the
spatial and temporal scales in the subsection "Entities, state variables, and scales".


##### Updating entries of modelling notebook
For a more comfortable use of the modelling notebook I added a navigation bar on top of each entry. This allows you to jump back and forth by clicking on
one of the two new links. In addition, I added more text to some entries. I am still a bit confused with choosing the correct TRACE tag and keyword. 
Incorrectly assigned tags could therefore be corrected again in the next days.
